Update README (#39)
ministryofjustice/staff-device-dhcp-server: README.md

# DHCP Docker Image

This folder contains the Dockerfile to create the [ISC Kea](https://www.isc.org/kea/) DHCP server docker image.

> This image is pushed up to [Amazon ECR](https://aws.amazon.com/ecr/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image is published to [Amazon ECR](https://aws.amazon.com/ecr/).
```

## Container Health Checks

> To ensure that an invalid task does not get into the production ECS cluster, a bootstrap script has been written. This uses `perfdhcp` to ensure that an IP can be leased. If this fails, a notification will be sent to the critical notification topic and forwarded to developers. This check is not done locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that an invalid task does not get into the production ECS cluster, a bootstrap script has been written. This uses `perfdhcp` to ensure that an IP can be leased. If this fails, a notification will be sent to the SNS critical notification topic and forwarded to subscribers. This check is not performed locally.
```

## Monitoring

Metrics for the Kea servers are displayed in the [IMA Grafana dashboard](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/staff-infrastructure-monitoring).

> The JSON configuration file for the dashboard is stored in this repo, when updates are made, the JSON needs to be saved and tracked with version control.

Reviewer: Can we link the dashboard file? (monitoring/grafana_dashboard.json)
